README.md, before:

# OpenSearch Dashboards Notebooks

Dashboards offer a solution for a few selected use cases, and are great tools if you’re focused on monitoring a known set of metrics over time. Notebooks enables contextual use of data with detailed explanations by allowing a user to combine saved visualizations, text, graphs and decorate data in elastic with other reference data sources.

## Setup & Build

Complete OpenSearch Dashboards Notebooks is composed of 2 plugins.

- [Dashboards Notebooks plugin](./dashboards-notebooks/README.md)
- [OpenSearch Notebooks plugin](./opensearch-notebooks/)（TODO）

## Contributing to OpenSearch Dashboards Notebooks

We welcome you to get involved in development, documentation, testing the OpenSearch Dashboards notebooks plugin. See our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and join in.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted an [Open Source Code of Conduct](https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Security issue notifications

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify AWS/Amazon Security via our [vulnerability reporting page](http://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/). Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue.

## License

See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.txt) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.

## Copyright

Copyright 2020 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

Add more docs
Signed-off-by: Joshua Li <joshuali925@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenSearch Dashboards Notebooks

Dashboards offer a solution for a few selected use cases, and are great tools if you’re focused on monitoring a known set of metrics over time. Notebooks enables contextual use of data with detailed explanations by allowing a user to combine saved visualizations, text, graphs and decorate data in elastic with other reference data sources.

## Setup & Build

Complete OpenSearch Dashboards Notebooks is composed of 2 plugins.

- [Dashboards Notebooks plugin](./dashboards-notebooks/README.md)
- [OpenSearch Notebooks plugin](./opensearch-notebooks/)（TODO）

## Contributing to OpenSearch Dashboards Notebooks

We welcome you to get involved in development, documentation, testing the OpenSearch Dashboards notebooks plugin. See our [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and join in.

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Amazon Open Source Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://aws.github.io/code-of-conduct-faq), or contact [opensource-codeofconduct@amazon.com](mailto:opensource-codeofconduct@amazon.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Security issue notifications

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify AWS/Amazon Security via our [vulnerability reporting page](http://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/). Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue.

## License

See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE.txt) file for our project's licensing. We will ask you to confirm the licensing of your contribution.

## Copyright

Copyright 2020 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
